feat: fetch credentials from the given cluster (#2425)
elastic/apm-pipeline-library: .github/actions/oblt-cli-cluster-credentials/README.md

## About

GitHub Action to run the oblt-cli wrapper to retrieve the credentials to connect to the given cluster

* [Usage](#usage)
  * [Configuration](#configuration)
* [Customizing](#customizing)
  * [inputs](#inputs)
  * [output](#output)

## Usage

### Configuration

Given the CI GitHub action:

```yaml
---

> name: Create serverless cluster using the oblt-cli

Author: ```suggestion
name: Cat indices for the given cluster using the oblt-cli
```
